## Pairing
1. I've had a wide distribution of experiences with pairing so far. Some sessions have been fun and exciting because I'm about to be bouncing ideas off my partner about what we're doing and how we could do it better, others have been more rewarding because I know I was able to help out my partner with some concepts that made more sense to me, and some were just cool because we were moving so fast. I haven't had a pairing session yet where I haven't felt like we're both working to share mutual respect while working through a challenge which is encouraging.

2. The three parts of pairing that I like the most are:
    1. when someone shows me something I didn't know and I "get it"
    2. when I help someone get through a programming concept that I thought was tricky when I first learned it but then it seems like the person I'm working with got it faster than me when I first learned it, which make me think that I'm successfully explaining a concept.
    3. when someone sees something I'm up to (like workflow related) and then they're like "hey man, how did you do that?", it's fun because then we can take a tangent and nerd out about workflow for a little while.

3. There's two parts of pairing that I've found frustrating so far:
    1. When you're trying to get it started with someone and screen hero or google hangout is lagging, or the internet tools that you want and need to be working just aren't and I'm thinking "common man, as a society we're working on building all this cool stuff but shouldn't we all have working internet by now"...then I start thinking please please just take me to mountain view so I can get google fiber installed and say goodbye to comcast forever...
    2. Sometimes it's frustrating when you're pairing with someone who doesn't have screen hero and you're talking them through an IT related concept (not coding more like dragging and dropping files, or terminal commands). Really it's only the specific case when they don't have screen hero because some things are just harder to say in words like "drag the file here and then replace" or "this is how you can open a new finder window". When I'm in those situations I totally think it's important to ride it out and be patient, it's only frustrating because in my mind I keep thinking "man, I could illustrate this concept way easier with screen hero and we totally have access to this tool"

## Feedback
1. Receiving feedback at the beginning is a little scary. I'm talking about at the very end of the session when you're saying "alright cool, would you mind giving me some feedback" and then right before I feel a little nervous and slightly scared because I'm putting myself out there and we've been hard at work blazing through this thing for sometimes over an hour and I want it to be a positive experience but nows the time to find out how my partner really feels. Then so far in most cases it's been really rewarding because the people I've paired with have been giving me positive feedback about working together, so that's encouraging. And then I've also gotten some really constructive feedback about things I didn't expect. Reflecting back afterwards when we're done I'll think to myself, man that was totally some constructive feedback and it didn't feel too bad getting it and processing it. So that's definitely encouraging also.

2. Definitely yes because it helps me keep doing what's working and try adjusting or being more mindful of what isn't.

3. The most constructive piece of feedback I've received is basically encouraging me to play with the code we're working with in irb or in some sort of interactive way but to make sure to communicate with my partner something like: "Hey, can we pause for a second and try to work on illustrating this concept? I'm going to do a quick google search or run a snippet of code and it's not directly doing one of the releases but it is a related concept that I want to explore" that way my partner knows that we're really about to be on a slight tangent and then has a chance to let me know if he/she wants to/has time for exploring that concept.

4. So far I think it's been going well giving feedback, I try to make sure to use our ASK technique and also make sure that if I'm giving some constructive feedback I also highlight how I was specifically feeling in relation to the feedback I'm giving. We watched a video way back in week0 or 1 where the main message was "feedback is not advice" that really stuck with me and at the beginning I found it a little hard when someone would ask me for feedback and I'd be thinking "oh well you could do this..." but that's not feedback it's advice. Since then I've gotten a lot better, in my daily life too which is cool. Something I can work on and plan to work on is to make sure to take a second to slow down before giving feedback, pairing can be this super energizing thing, you're searching google, coding, testing, doing a lot of different things and my mind can get really really cerebral and mental about the whole thing, except then when it comes to feedback I think that's more of an interpersonal/emotional process which needs a slower mindset to be effective (just my opinion on that one). So I'm going to work on that.

5. The most difficult is for sure the beginning like I said before, just starting up and getting in the feedback giving and receiving mindset.

Overall I think pairing has been invaluable. It's exciting and engaging and I think it just is a more effective way to code in the long run.